#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AvidamodernadeRocko.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RvApdck.png" group-title="Kids",Terror
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/66aa67493a4ad2000806d91b/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsPistasdeBlue.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0xuwIJB.png" group-title="Kids",ComedCentral
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f357e91b18f0b00073583d2/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PortadosFundos.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ssmTx7a.png" group-title="Comedy",Porta dos Fundos
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f36f2346ede750007332d11/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PrimerTV.br" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PMptSP3.png" group-title="General",Primer TV
http://200.194.238.229:8383/live/primer/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AvidamodernadeRocko.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RvApdck.png" group-title="Kids",A vida moderna de Rocko
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f6df6293a12e10007017396/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsPistasdeBlue.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0xuwIJB.png" group-title="Kids",As Pistas de Blue
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f99aad4e82db50007fac4b2/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVCineDrama.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AQBtheU.png" group-title="Movies",Drama
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f1210d14ae1f80007bafb1d/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVCineFamilia.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/r9UhBfV.png" group-title="Movies",Família
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f171f032cd22e0007f17f3d/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVInvestigacao.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/JlQq0YJ.png" group-title="Documentary",Investigação
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f32cf37c9ff2b00082adbc8/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",CSI Miami
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/63eb9c5351f5d000085e8d7e/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",NCIS
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/63eb9fdda995710008991c54/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Ação
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f120f41b7d403000783a6d6/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Sucessos
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f120e94a5714d00074576a1/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Classicos
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fa1612a669ba0000702017b/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",De Feias com o Ex Caribe
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/61a528267e1b8b0007357920/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Ação
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f120f41b7d403000783a6d6/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Suspense
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f171d3442a0500007362f22/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Ficção Cientifica
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fa15ad6367e170007cdd098/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Crime
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6479ff764f5ba5000878dfe2/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Luta
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6806d62369aec5b19cd628c0/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Comédia
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f12101f0b12f00007844c7c/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Comédia Romantica
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/62545ed3dab4380007582f7c/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Romance
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f171f988ab9780007fa95ea/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Bang Bang
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/663b9dc7cb3ea10008f1a0ce/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Adrenalina
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/61b790b985706b00072cb797/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Aventura
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/66c79a4262e5510008ff68a5/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Nacionais
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f5a545d0dbf7f0007c09408/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",NetMovies
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/663b9de4f999220008230fa8/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Rum Time
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/62c5d32e2c48f9000715b6e9/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Filmelier
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/633dcebd80386500074a2461/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Series Açao
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6474ab1da51cb80008bfb5f4/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Rookie Blue
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/64ff2d8c6625510008c5a512/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Inferno Sobre Rodas
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/64ff2c773efb5100082efb73/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",SCI FI
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/63d2ba2f60bc8f0008981a0e/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Z Nation
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/66b3af48d2d50d00083d6936/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",A Caçadora de Reliquias
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/67e59a6557487a8b7fe73e23/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Series Drama
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/65f060d84e01740008d7421f/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Series Comedia
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/655e5bc94261ca000810cb17/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Bet
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ff768b6a4c8b80008498610/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Being Mary Jane
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/60a8126a0ac3970007f850fe/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Younger
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/613fd0043ffa39000736bb2b/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Nickteen
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/60f5fabf0721880007cd50e3/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",ICarly
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/620ff46e0a576e0007dc2f89/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Kenan e Kel
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ffcc5130fd98c0007f2e216/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Clube do Terror
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/64e501eec630a900088ed0f8/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Retro
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f1212ad1728050007a523b8/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",A Feiticeira
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/631fa8dd7f25240007099a40/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Arnold
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/61f1d27a189ed10007b7393e/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",MacGayver
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/63eb9dc84e83e70008abea92/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",O Homem Que Veio do Ceu
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/62052d3b4eeb740007fbe125/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Desenhos Classicos
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/655e5c4d2c46f3000877a54b/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Popeye
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/677d93f37bffa600080795e7/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Novelas
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f512365abe1f50007d3ff56/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Master Chef
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6077045b6031bd00078de127/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Shark Tank
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6647c0b91050b60008390de4/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",MTV
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f1212fb81e85c00077ae9ef/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Shore
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/625463563b8ddc0007134aeb/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Jovens e Maes
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/620fdc7d8a36fc000710e3ba/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Catfish
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/626c2a3502d84a0007cec817/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Are You Te One
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f6108d8cc331900075e98e4/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Just Tattoo Of US
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/63988b61c8d285000798a22a/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Turbo
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6014761dfb91870008ea6463/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Curiosidades
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6474aadc8e3c0a0008b98493/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Vida Real
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f32d4d9ec194100070c7449/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Negocio Fechado
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/64ad7394798def00087b2bfe/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Minha Obsessao Favorita
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/61843f5e491af10007f7eefa/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Acumuladores Obsessivos
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/656e2a4b4261ca00083aa99e/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Pronto Socorro - Historias de Emergencia
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/61bb72a7bf8c520007a8fd27/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Miterios
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fac52f142044f00078e2a51/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Aliens
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6806d65e84f24b70109485fa/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Assombraçoes
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/620d1512c7986a0007220213/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Estado Paranormal
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/656e2a81954b020008ed17a4/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Caçadoresde Ovnis
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/656e2a10954b020008ed167c/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Quebrando o Tabu
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/62cd9e5a5c38c00007f5669a/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Smithsonian
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/6298bd10d88ef000073f16b7/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",Documentarios
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f1ef1a8cec6be00072a7ac9/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="PlutoTVVidaReal.us@Brazil" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dRbBbxP.png" group-title="Series",South Park
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/60c8f203e301960013db434a/episode/60ca383fadcfc00013d4ddba/master.m3u8?advertisingId=channel&appName=rokuchannel&appVersion=1.0&bmodel=bm1&channel_id=channel&content=channel&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&content_type=livefeed&coppa=false&deviceDNT=1&deviceId=channel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceModel=web&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceVersion=1.0&embedPartner=rokuChannel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&is_lat=1&platform=web&rdid=channel&studio_id=viacom&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS
